adding documentation on creating new integration test overlays (#2460)
thoth-station/thoth-application: integration-tests/README.md

# Thoth-Station Integration Tests

> 

Reviewer: copy the topic definition from the readme: https://github.com/thoth-station/integration-tests
and paste it here and also add the link.

## Managining and Creating Overlays

### About our overlays

> Overlays are used to manage and deploy our tests for different environments. One thing to note is that comprared to most overlays for different components within `Thoth-Station`, our prod overlays (Balrog and Smuag) also includes `ocp4-stage`. This labeling format is chosen because while the cronjob itself runs on anywhere, the notification job will run in the staging cluster (OCP4). We have opted for this architecture because to send these emails, the notification service must sit behind the VPN, such as our stage cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Overlays directories are used to manage and deploy the [integration-tests](https://github.com/thoth-station/integration-tests) for different environments.  
Note: In comparison to overlays for others components within `Thoth-Station`, the [integration-tests](https://github.com/thoth-station/integration-tests) pointed towards prod overlays (representing AWS-Balrog and MOC-Smaug clusters) are deployed on the `ocp4-stage` cluster, as the service sends out an email with results of the run which requires a system behind VPN to pass the email spam scanning.
```

### Creating overlays

> There is also a configmap which is used in this deployment but is not deployed from this overlay

Reviewer: It would be great if we could link the configmap present in slo-reporter.
and re-write the sentence with the link and straight subjective manner. 

something like: The thoth configmap is deployed via slo-reporter and also used with integration-tests.
please make sure to deploy the configmap separately if slo-reporter is not deployed along with integration-tests.

Components of the overlay:

1. `integration-tests` `configMap` resource. Contains values for:
    - `deployment-name` = The name of the deployment to the new overlay.
    - `user-api` = The URL for user-api in the new Thoth deployment.
    - `management-api` The URL for the management-api in the new Thoth deployment
    - `amun-api` = The URL for the amun-api in the new Thoth deployment

>     - `tags` =

Reviewer: tags is a filter option from integration-tests(as it is written with [behave](https://behave.readthedocs.io/en/stable/) tool).
details:https://behave.readthedocs.io/en/stable/behave.html?highlight=tags#cmdoption-t

> 2. the `cronJob` resource (see overlays for example).

Reviewer: remove all `the` front the start of the index sentence
or make then capitalized.

# Integration tests for Thoth

The [integration-tests][] themselves live in a different repository. This directory deals with the deployment of integration tests for different environments, which are done through overlays.

> ## Managining and Creating Overlays

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Managing and Creating Overlays
```
